# UNS-SL *Greensboro* Supply Transport Vessel // 8.1.5016U
The UNS-SL *Greensboro* enters Baronic Space, carrying medical and technological resources to the Dawnline Shore. Lancers **CACTUS, JAVELIN, NIGHTINGALE,** and **SCREWDRIVER,** as well as the rest of the non-essential crew, are awakened from stasis. Dr. Ernest Price greets them, ensuring their vital functions are stable and explaining their job: The party is tasked with protecting the UNS-SL *Greensboro* as it travels through pirate-occupied territory, supporting Mirrorsmoke efforts in the region. They're restricted to the stern side of the *Greensboro* for the time being, where they eat breakfast and socialize.

At lunchtime, an alarm goes off in the *Greensboro.* Via intercom, Dr. Price informs the party that pirates have boarded the vessel, and the group heads to the cargo bay to confront the invaders. **SCREWDRIVER** and **JAVELIN** engage in offensive maneuvers while **CACTUS** and **NIGHTINGALE** focus on support and debilitation, swiftly taking care of the situation. As the pirates are routed, an unidentified ship docks with the hole caused by the pirates' breach, and a series of subaltern robots begins taking the *Greensboro's* cargo. Following instructions from a pair of voices, the party also boards the new vessel, where it is revealed that the *Greensboro* had released the cargo bay and its actual role was to deliver the cargo and the party to a mysterious group under the guise of a transport mission.

The new ship approaches a space station, previously invisible through cloaking devices, and boards. Upon arrival, the party is greeted by **COMMANDER RAYMOND CAYDE | DRUM** and **XO HADES,** who introduce the station as the PHLEGETHON-2 and inform the party that they are now officially dead.

# PHLEGETHON-2 // 8.1.5016U

Commander Cayde explains the history of the PHLEGETHON-2, a repurposed orbital laser,  scavenged first by pirates and later by Union. The PHLEGETHON-2's camouflage makes it invisible to Viridian and other orbital bodies, allowing for stealth surveillance of the planet.

**Chief Communications Officer Noah Choi** and **Systems Specialist Trace McKeon** assist the party with details surrounding their false death certificates. **Reconnaissance Expert Wren Paradiso | SPARROWHAWK** retrieves and delivers the party's personal effects from the UNS-L *Greensboro* and departs for planetside scouting in preparation for the party's deployment.

The party takes some time to relax before their briefing in the morning.

# PHLEGETHON-2, Command Center // 8.2.5016U

At the command center, **XO HADES** details the history of Viridian, explaining that it was previously governed by Harrison Armory defector Simon Hoss, who grew paranoid and neurotic and was eventually deposed and executed by an envoy ship from the House of Stone, although not before damaging Couverte trying to fend them off. For the past year, the Baronic Detail—a ruling body composed of four Barons that succeeded Hoss—has been at a standstill. **XO HADES** provides a pamphlet outlining the four Barons' general profiles.

**General Indigo Haworth | NORTH STAR** introduces the next mission. The PHLEGETHON-2 recently discovered that all of the Detail's outgoing communications to Baronic Space were being intentionally falsified. On top of that, Simon Hoss was recently discovered to be alive by **Operative Rito Ivanov,** a Union spy working under one of the Barons, before Ivanov mysteriously disappeared. White Viper pirate activity has also increased in the area. **NORTH STAR** tasks the party with ensuring the safe retrieval of Ivanov and his data before another party gets to him first.
